Henry The Square Eared Cat
By: Justin Pilon (your instructor)

Once upon a time there was a square eared cat named Henry.
he did not look like the other cats, for the other cats had pointy ears.
He was very shy and did not like raising attention to himself.
He preferred blending in with the other animals.

One day Henry came across a fox.
And the fox said, "Wow!"
Henry did not like this, and at that moment he ran away,
he jumped to the top of the highest tree to hide.

Henry:
I don't like having square ears.
I don't like them, not at all.
All my friends have pointy ears.
Squares are not for ears at all!

The next morning Henry came across a frog.
The frog said, "I have never seen square ears before!"
At this, Henry bolted in the opposite direction,
he hid behind a giant haystack so that nobody could see him.

Henry:
I don't like having square ears.
I don't like them, not at all.
All my friends have pointy ears.
Squares are not for ears at all!

later that day Henry came across a sparrow.
The sparrow pointed and said, "What a sight!"
Henry then dived into a nearby hole,
He patiently stayed there hiding until the sparrow flew away.

Henry:
I don't like having square ears.
I don't like them, not at all.
All my friends have pointy ears.
Squares are not for ears at all!

As the moon came up that evening, Henry was out for a walk.
To his surprise, he came across all three animals.
Henry was ready to run!
Before he could run away,
the fox said, "Why did you run away?  Wow I love those ears!"
The frog said "I never seen square ears before, but I like them!"
The sparrow said "You are the greatest sight I have seen all day!"

Henry did not know how to react, but then it came to him.
"Perhaps I should not have ran away" he thought!
Perhaps we can all be friends!

The three friends then sang together:
We love square ears!
They appear to hear quite clear!
Squares can be for anything!
We love them after all!

From that day forward, the three friends embraced each other.
And the fox, the frog, the sparrow, and Henry lived happily ever after.